{{stub}}

'''A Mysterious Figure Approaches You''' is the unofficial name for when a Bilebroker approaches you in a random encounter. The only one who can approach Sal is Ximmon, if Ximmon is somehow dead the [[Events|Event]] will no longer be able to happen.

<br />

== Script #1 (Need an Edge) ==
''(A mysterious figure approaches you.)''

Ximmon: Greetings, Grifter.

Ximmon: You look like you could use an edge.

Sal: I've got two already, friend.

Ximmon: I don't under-

Ximmon: Oh.

Ximmon: Your reffering to blades, while ''I'm'' referring to specially imported goods from the Roaloch.

Ximmon: Are you interested?


<nowiki>*</nowiki>'''Ask about the price*'''

Sal: That's... suspiciously cheap.

Sal: Whats the deal?

Ximmon: You may take the deal or leave it.

Ximmon: My reasons are my own.


'''*Buy Item Card*'''

Sal: Yeah, I'll take that.

Ximmon: Thank you. Please use it responsibly.


'''*Decline the offer*''' 

(Not added yet)

== Script #2 (A rare traveler) ==
''(A mysterious figure approaches you.)''

Ximmon: Greetings, grifter.

Ximmon: It's rare I meet a fellow traveler in these parts.

Sal: Really? I feel like I'm constantly running into people.

Ximmon: Then you're fortunate. The isolation has made it difficult to complete my work

Ximmon: Im a chemist; I've been experimenting with new ingredients, but I've only been able to test them on myself.

Ximmon: Would you like to try one, and contribute your own experiences to the data?

''(The stranger shows you a row of vials, their contents bubbling against the glass)''



'''*Pick the Green Vile*'''

Sal: What does the green one do?

Ximmon: It rebalances the humors and flushes the system of toxins 

Sal: Makes sense, Green is natural so it must be healthy.

Ximmon: That's the idea. Although it took a surprising amount of ingredients to get it that color.

Sal: Huh. not bad.



'''*Pick the Blue Vile*'''

(Not added yet)



'''*Pick the Orange Vile*'''

Sal: I'll give the orange one a try.

Ximmon: Excellent choice

Ximmon: It's a fermentation of ambergris and sundevil's spade. It invigorates the vitals and revitalizes the vigors.

Sal: Huh. Nice.

Sal: Phew! Invigorated is right!

Sal's max health is increased by 4.



'''*Pick the swirly purple Vial*'''

Sal: That one's interesting. Looks like the sky after a storm.

Ximmon: Hmm, and just as unpredictable. This one has different results each time—

Ximmon: But discovery favors the willing, I always say.

Sal: Uh—

Ximmon: Well, go on! Drink!

Sal: Hmm.



'''Outro'''

''(Ximmon quickly jots down a note after watching your reaction)''

Ximmon: Thank you for your participation. I hope we meet again soon-

Ximmon: A follow up can only improve on the data.

Sal: Hey, sure. Hey, this was ''safe'' right?

Ximmon: I'm fairly confident! But, of course only time will truly tell.

''(The mysterious figure leaves as silently as he arrived. after a moment he disappears from view)''

Sal: Huh.

== Results #1 (Need an edge) ==
Ximmon is asking you to buy imported goods. The outcomes are as follows:


(There are two possible Item cards Ximmon can offer which are Bile Grenade and Serrated Dirk)


'''Buy Item card:''' 

- Add Specified Item card to your deck

-Give 20 Shills 


'''Decline the offer:'''

- Sal will simply decline the offer ending the Event 


== Results #2 ==

The Bilebroker will ask you to take one of four bottles for research. Their effects are as follows:


'''Green Vial:''' 

-Removes one Negotiation card.


'''Blue Vial:'''

- Upgrades one Negotiation card.



'''Orange Vial:''' 

-Gain 4 maximum health.


'''Swirly Purple Vial:'''

-Adds a 1 cost card with expend and sticky to your deck which spontaneously changes effects each turn. It expends after being played.

'''<small>Possible effects include:</small>'''

<small>-Gain 4 Combo</small>

<small>-Deals 3 damage. Hits all Enemy Targets .</small>

<small>-Deals 2 damage. Applies 3 Wound.</small>

<small>-Heals 8 Health.</small>

<small>-Gain 1 Power.</small>