{{stub}}
'''Asset Recovery''' is a difficulty <font color="#ffe066">&#9733; &#9734; &#9734; &#9734; &#9734;</font> quest with a focus on {{battle}}.

==Description==
A Civilian Wealthy Merchant character is trying to track down some stolen goods, and needs you to track down some leads. 

[[Sal]] is told to question a couple Spree Thug characters that are the most likely culprits. 
When you approach one of the suspects, you can:
* Press the suspect for information about the theft {{negotiation}}
* Beat the info out of the suspect {{battle}} (the suspect will dislike you).

The suspect you addressed will either accuse the other suspect or admit to the crime themself.
If they accuse the other suspect, you must approach the second suspect and get information from them. 

Upon approaching the second suspect, again you can get them to confess by:
* Press the suspect for information about the theft {{negotiation}}
* Beat the info out of the suspect {{battle}} (the suspect will dislike you).

Once one of the suspects has confessed to you, they will now hate you and they will reveal the location of the stolen goods. 

When you retrieve the stolen goods, the culprit appears and attacks you. You have no choice but to defend yourself. This {{battle}} is '''isolated''' so you can get away with killing the culprit here. 

After dealing with the culprit, you return to the merchant to report the location of the goods and claim your reward. 

If you kill the culprit before getting them to confess to the crime, you will have to return to the merchant without knowing where the stolen goods are. 
In this case, you can:
* Convince the merchant to pay you {{negotiation}}
* Admit your failure (no quest reward).



==Rewards==
The get to choose a card at the beginning of the quest. You get 55 {{shills}} and 1 {{Mettle}} upon completing the quest. 
The has a bonus reward, which can be:

* Bonus Money: Get a bonus payment of 30 {{shills}}
* Remove a Card: Remove a card from one of your decks
* Upgrade a Card: Upgrade a {{negotiation}} or {{battle}} card
* Restoration: Restore 20 health or 10 resolve
* Get a new card: Get an [[Items|Item]] or Unique card based on the quest or quest-giver





[[Category:Quests]]