'''Auction Day''' is the main quest on the final day of [[Sal]]'s campaign. The objective is to get into the auction and kill your rival [[Kashio]]. 
Sal awakens in the [[Grog n' Dog]] and talks to its owner, [[Fssh]], to learn that Nadan or Oolo is waiting for you to report. The details of the quest depend on whether you have sided with Nadan or Oolo. 

== Guard Duty ==
If you have sided with Oolo, she will give you a badge and ask you to act as a bouncer for the first part of the auction. 

While watching the door, you are approached by a character who dislikes or hates you. They will demand to settle their animosity with you once and for all. Your options are:
* Try to talk them down ({{Negotiation}} against only the instigator)
* Defend yourself ({{Battle}} against the instigator and two other characters)
* Appeal to your fellow bouncer for help ({{Negotiation}} with the benefit that you will have somebody on your side in the above two options)

== The Auction ==
Whether you sided with Nadan or Oolo, you are allowed to take one of the auction items to help you in your battle against [[Kashio]]. (The item options are listed in the [[Kashio]] page). 

If you sided with Oolo, your options are:
* Hand over your requisition (Allows you to choose one of the auction items. Afterward you can choose the other too options as well.)
* Take a place at the auction (Allows you to participate in as a {{negotiation}}).
* Hang back with the security forces (proceeds directly to the confrontation with [[Kashio]]. 

The Auction is a {{negotiation}} instance with special side arguments on the opponent's side: auction items, and auction participants. 
The negotiation ends the first time and auction item argument is destroyed by you. You gain the corresponding item for the battle against Kashio. 
The auction participants will attack your arguments and the auction item arguments. Destroying an auction participant will replace it with a new auction participant argument. 

[[Category:Sal Quests]]
[[Category:Quests]]