{{Card
|character = Sal
|cardtype = Maneuver
|decktype = Battle
|rarity = Basic
|keywords = [[Improvise]]
|upgradeable = Yes
|expreq = 9
|upgrade1 = Promoted Fight Dirty
|upgrade2 = Boosted Fight Dirty}}
{{Quote|I fight to win, not to make friends.}}

'''Fight Dirty''' is a 1-cost Basic '''Maneuver''' card for [[Sal]]. It improvises a card from a pool of special cards. As a base card '''Fight Dirty''' is always part of the available card pool for [[Sal]].

==Upgrades==
After accruing 9 experience '''Fight Dirty''' is able to be upgraded.
{| class="wikitable"
|+
!Title
!Cost
!Effect
|-
|Promoted Fight Dirty
|1
|Improvise a card from a pool of upgraded special cards.
|-
|Boosted Fight Dirty
|1
|'''Improvise+''' a card from a pool of special cards.
|}

==Special Cards==
'''Fight Dirty''' has several special cards in its pool, those being:
* [[Throw Dust]]: 0-cost; Attack; Apply 1 '''Impair'''. '''Expend'''.
* [[Hide]]: 0-cost; Maneuver; Gain 3 Defense. '''Expend'''.
* [[Trip]]: 0-cost; Attack; Apply 2 '''Wound'''. '''Expend'''.
* [[Slash]]: 0-cost; Attack; 1-2 damage; Apply 2 '''Bleed'''. '''Expend'''.
* [[Scrounge]]: 0-cost; Maneuver; Draw 2 cards. '''Expend'''.
* [[Enrage]]: 1-cost; Maneuver; Gain 1 '''Power''.'<nowiki/>''Expend'''.
* [[Scrapper]]: 0-cost; Maneuver; Draw a card, discard a card. '''Expend'''.
* [[Mud Tosser]]: 0-cost; Attack; 1-2 damage; Gain 2 combo. '''Expend'''.

== Upgraded Special Cards ==
'''Promoted Fight Dirty''' draws from a pool of "Boosted" versions of the same cards:

* [[Boosted Throw Dust]]: 0-cost; Attack; Apply 2 '''Impair'''. '''Expend'''.
*[[Boosted Hide]]: 0-cost; Maneuver; Gain 5 Defense. '''Expend'''.
*[[Boosted Trip]]: 0-cost; Attack; Apply 3 '''Wound'''. '''Expend'''.
*[[Boosted Slash]]: 0-cost; Attack; 1-2 damage; Apply 3 '''Bleed'''. '''Expend'''.
*[[Boosted Scrounge]]: 0-cost; Maneuver; Draw 3 cards. '''Expend'''.
*[[Pale Enrage]]: 0-cost; Maneuver; Gain 1 '''Power''.'<nowiki/>''Expend'''.
*[[Boosted Scrapper]]: 0-cost; Maneuver; Draw 2 cards, discard 2 cards. '''Expend'''.
*[[Boosted Mud Tosser]]: 0-cost; Attack; 2 damage; Gain 3 combo. '''Expend'''.