{{stub}}

== Final Pieces ==
This [[Quests|quest]] is on day 4 for [[Sal]].

== Morning ==
Either [[Oolo]] or [[Nadan]] will greet you at the bar. They offer to help with [[Kashio]] at the auction, if you do  a big job in the evening.

Fssh will offer a pick of 3 sidequests.

== Evening ==
You get a Limited Time Opportunity. <br/>

=== Nadan ===
Nadan wants you to kidnap Oolo's brother [[Foolo]] and use him as bait to kill Oolo. <br/>
Optionally, you can convince a Spree or pay them 200 {{shills|Shills}}, to help you with this quest. Doing so will make Negotiating harder (+? resolve). <br/>
At the beach, there are 2 Admiralty Guards waiting for Foolo. You can Negotiate them to leave or fight them. <br/>
Foolo arrives. You can either convince you're his escort or subdue him.  <br/>
You take Foolo to a safe house with a Spree Raider. If you convinced Foolo, he will hate you. The Spree Raider tries to leave. You can convince them to stay, pay them 200 {{shills|Shills}} or let them go. <br/>
Oolo arrives with a Battle Oshnu. It's a boss fight! <br/>
You can let Foolo go to get 300 {{shills|Shills}} or kill him. <br/>
You report to Nadan. If you killed Oolo, Nadan will like you more.

=== Oolo ===
Oolo wants you to be bait to capture Nadan. <br/>
You go pick up an oshnu. You can take the oshnu or convince its owner to come with you. <br/>
You go to the ambush location and Nadan arrives. He sends a Spree Raider first. You can convince them to walk away or fight them. <br/>
Nadan is now vulnerable. It's a boss fight! <br/>
If Nadan is captured alive, he will hate you. The oshnu (and its owner) leave. <br/>
Something happens on the way to Oolo. If Nadan is alive, you can release him or not. <br/>
You report to Oolo. If you brought Nadan, Oolo will like you more.