'''Injured Person''' is the unofficial name for this Event. 

== Involved People ==
Injured Person: Any person who is not working as the chemist at the [[Better Living Chemist]].

Attacking Party: Either:

* An [[Admiralty]] Guard with an [[Admiralty]] backup. This is always the option if the injured person is a [[Spree]].
* A [[Spree]] Thief or Thug with a [[Spree]] backup. This is always the option if injured person is an [[Admiralty]]. <br />

== Script  ==
''(Someone comes stumbling towards you, clutching His/Her gut like it might fall out)''

Someone: Please! help me!

Sal: hold on. What's happening?

Someone: An Admiralty patrol just attacked me! But I ain't done nothing wrong! | Spree! They're tryin' to kill me! Please. there ain't no one else who can help!




'''*Hide Someone Until the danger passes*'''

Sal: Alright. Hide in the tree line and I'll keep them busy.

Someone: Th-thank you!

''(Someone Hobbles his/her way to the tree line and gets out of sight just in time)''

''(Sure enough the Admiralty patrol comes hot on someones tail, breathless from the chase)''

Leader: Hey, You! We're looking for a wanted criminal. Have you seen 'em?



'''*Give up Someone*'''

Sal: Actually, you know what? I have. Someone is all yours.

Someone: You said you'd help me!

Sal: I did. But thats before I knew you were a ''Wanted Criminal,'' so it doesn't count.

Leader: Thank you citizen! This ones been a thorn in our sides too long!





<br />

== Results ==
Someone is asking you to save their life. The outcomes are as follows: 



<big>'''Hide {injured person} until the danger passes/Agree to protect {injured person}'''</big>

-The attacking party arrives and is looking for the injured person.


<small>'''Trick {attacking party} into looking elsewhere/Intimidate {attacking party}: (Hide and Protect)'''</small> 

-Sal will initiate a negotiation against the head of the attacking party.

-On success The attacking party will leave, and Good Samaritan side quest will activated


<small>'''Defend {injured person}''': '''(Protect only)'''</small> 

-Sal will initiate battle with the attacking party, if the player wins the Good Samaritan side quest will activate


'''<small>Give up {injured person}</small>''': 

-The player reveals the injured person, causing them to hate the player and the head of the attacking party to increase their opinion of you.



'''<big>Leave {injured person} to his/her fate</big>''': 

-The injured person has a 40% chance to die. If they did not die, they will dislike you.



'''Good Samaritan Side Quest''' 

This side quest activates when the player saves the injured person. The injured person become an Escort party member. The player must bring the injured person to [[Better Living Chemist]]. After moving 4 times, if the injured person is not brought to [[Better Living Chemist]], they will die. If they are brought to [[Better Living Chemist]], they will love the player(or become neutral if they hate the player before), and they will leave the party.

== Transcript ==
See [[Injured Person/Transcript]].

[[Category:Sal Quests]]