{{stub}}

<!--Pasting in a table for editing/future use to clean up the page.
{| class="wikitable"
!Icon
!Name
!Description
|-
|align="center" width="100pt"|
|align="center" width="100pt"|
|width="700pt"|
|}
-->


'''Pets''' are animals that can be kept as allies. '''Pets''' can be upgraded through '''training''' by speaking with Phroluk. Just like hostile wild animals, pets will flee rather than panic and surrender once enough damage is done to them. '''Pets''' are unique from other types of allies in that they also have an effect on negotiations depending on the species. Pets can be stored at your room in the inn if their health drops too low and they regain all health when rested just like the Hero.

== Crayote ==

'''Crayotes''', or '''Yotes''' for short, can be found all across Havaria. A strange cross between a canine and insect, they have a canine-like appearance but grow a hard carapace and six limbs. They're vicious scavengers that move in packs, but this pack mentality also makes them easily trainable for combat.

=== Yotes in Combat ===

*Bristle: Pet gains +2 power.
*(Savage Bite: Attacks twice and applies 1 bleed - Need confirmation on name and bleed stacks)
*'''Trained'''
**Possible actions per turn
***Gain 3-4 power
***Deal damage + 2 bleed

=== Yotes in Negotiations ===

*'''Untrained:''' The enemy gains an argument with 5 resolve that deals 2 damage to a random friendly argument each turn.
*'''Trained:''' The player gains an argument with 3 resolve that deals 3 damage to a random enemy argument each turn.

== Erchin ==

'''Erchins''' are carnivores native to Grout Bog. 

=== Erchins in Combat ===

*'''Trained'''
**2x Disease Ridden: When pet causes enemy to lose health, enemy gains 1 Diseased per stack
**Possible actions per turn
***'''Defend''': Gain 6 defence
*'''Upgraded'''
**Armored: Gain 4 Defense at the end of every turn (not present if pet not upgraded)
**2x Disease Ridden: When pet causes enemy to lose health, enemy gains 1 Diseased per stack
***Diseased reduces max hp by 1 at the end of the owner's turn until the end of the fight
** Possible actions per turn
***'''Defend''': Gain 8 defence

=== Erchins in Negotiations ===

*'''Untrained:''' The player gains an argument with 3 resolve that targets an opponent argument each turn for 3-3 damage. Destroy this argument at the start of your next turn.
*'''Trained:''' The player gains an argument with 3 resolve that targets an opponent argument each turn for 3-3 damage

== Flead ==

'''Fleads''' are large insects with power pincers. Strangely intelligent, they're fairly easy to train as attack animals.

=== Fleads in Combat ===

Just like their wild variant, Fleads gain flat defense every turn from '''chitinous'''.

=== Fleads in Negotiations ===

*'''Untrained:''' The enemy gains an argument with 4 resolve that forces all attacks to target your core argument.
*'''Trained:''' The player gains an argument with 1 resolve that baits all enemy attacks. Gains 1 resolve at the start of each turn.

== Shrooglet ==

=== Shrooglets in Combat ===

*'''Trained'''
**'''Hungry:''' Description says pet's feed attack heals it for 9 health. But game shows only heal for 6
**Possible actions per turn
***'''Revved up:''' Gain 2 power + 5 Defence
***'''Defend:''' Gain 5 defence
* '''Trained and Upgraded'''
**'''4x Armored''': Gain 4 Defense at the end of every turn
** '''Shrooglet Frenzy:''' Gains 1 Power whenever Shrooglet attacks. Lose 2 Power whenever Shrooglet takes damage.
**Possible actions per turn
***'''Revved up:''' Gain 2 power + 5 Defence
***Attack

=== Shrooglets in Negotiations ===

*'''Untrained:''' The enemy gains an argument with 5 resolve that reduces the player's card draw count by 1.
*'''Trained:''' The player gains an argument with 4 resolve that applies 2 composure to a random friendly argument at the start of every turn.

== Vroc ==

'''Vrocs''' are large, flightless birds typically trained for battle by the Admiralty. They have a large bony beak, horns, and powerful talons.

=== Vrocs in Combat ===

*'''Nimble:''' Begins with 3 Nimble. At the start of each enemy turn, gain 1 Evasion and reduce Nimble by 1
*'''Savage Bite:''' Attacks twice and applies 1 wound (Need confirmation if it applies 1 wound total or 1 wound per hit)
*'''Howl:''' Grants the pet Vroc 5 defense. and gives you an extra action and draw the next turn
*'''Charge:''' Single hit high damage attack
*'''If Trained and Upgraded'''
**62 hp without mettle bonus
**50 panic
**'''3x Nimble:''' At the start of each enemy turn, gain 1 Evasion and reduce Nimble by 1
**'''Metallic:''' Immune to Bleed and Wound
**'''4x Armored''': Gain 4 Defense at the end of every turn
**Possible actions per turn
***'''1x Rallying Howl:''' At the start of your turn, you (not the pet) gains 1 action and draws 1 card. At the end of your turn, remove this

=== Vrocs in Negotiations ===

*'''Untrained:''' The player gains an argument with 3 resolve that deals 3 damage to a random enemy argument each turn. This argument is destroyed at the start of the next player turn.
*'''Trained:''' The player gains an argument with 2 resolve that deals 5 damage to a random enemy argument each turn.

== Lumicyte ==

=== Lumicytes in Combat ===

*'''Kindling:''' When pet receives damage, reduce Kindling by 1 and apply Kindling to the attacker. At the end of the pet's turn, convert all Kindling to Temporary Power
*'''Trained'''
**46hp
**Possible actions per turn
***'''3 Kindling''': Whenever pet receives damage, reduce Kindling by 1 and apply Kindling to attacker. At the end of the pet's turn, all Kindling becomes Temp Power for the owner (i.e if it's on enemy, enemy gets Temp power)
***2-hit attack + Exposed (Defence only generates 1/2 the normal stacks)
***Leap strike: 1-hit attack

=== Lumicytes in Negotiations ===

* '''Trained:''' The player gains an argument with 3 resolve that deals 3 damage to a random enemy argument each turn.

*

== Enforcer ==

=== Enforcer in Combat ===

*'''Metallic:''' Immune to Bleed and Wound
*'''Hover Pack:''' When pet is hit, reduce its number of attacks this turn by 1. Gets stunned when counter reaches zero.

== AutoDog ==

=== AutoDogs in Combat ===

*'''Metallic:''' Immune to Bleed and Wound

== Racing Oshnu (Smith's campaign) ==

=== Racing Oshnus in Combat ===

*'''Untrained'''
**'''Thick Shell''': Gains 5 defense at the end of their turn

=== Racing Oshnus in Negotiations ===

*'''Untrained:''' The player gains an argument with 3 resolve that targets an opponent argument each turn for 3-3 damage. Destroy this argument at the start of your next turn.

[[Category:Game]]