{{stub}}
== Choosing Sides ==

You can choose between the [[Spree]] and [[Admiralty]].

Depending on which side you choose, you will have different quests lines throughout the next days and also will get different bonuses for the last battle.

You will immediatly have the choice between 2 different faction cards for the faction you choose.
There is a pool of different faction cards so you won't find the same once every run even if you choose the same side.
The [[Spree]] faction card will be a battle card while the [[Admiralty]] card will be a negotiation card.

== Faction quests ==

=== [[Admiralty]] quests ===
[[Tunnel Rats]]<br>
[[Leave No-one Behind]]<br>
[[Making Molehills]]<br>
[[Collection Day]]

=== [[Spree]] quests ===
[[Wounded Animals]]<br>
[[An Inconvenience]]<br>
[[Prisoner Exchange]]<br>
[[Shake Down]]

== Auction rewards ==
These rewards are guranteed to be granted,
if you complete the task given by Oolo or Nadan on the last day.
If you fail that task, those rewards are not given.
=== [[Admiralty]] ===
* You gain a [[requisition chit]] for a free auction reward.<br>
* This reward can be taken without having to do the auction negotiation event and is given before the auction starts.<br>
* You gain an [[Call Oolo]] card, which provides valuable AOE for the fight.

=== [[Spree]] ===
* You can take a free auction reward from behind the scenes.<br>
* You gain an [[Nadan]] card.

== Boss Fight ==
When Sal returns to the bar and goes to sleep, [[Fssh]] will warn her about a suspicious character that asked about Sal. When Sal actually enters her room, she notices the assassin, who reveals himself. The assassin is either [[Hanbi]] or [[Zyn]]. The player is then presented with the option to either fight the assassin with advantage or engage in a Negotiation to demoralize the assassin.

[[Category:Sal Quests]]
[[Category:Quests]]