{{Stub}}
{{Merge|Random Events|they cover the same information}}

== Wild animal attack ==
''You hear a bustle from the hedgerow'' 

''Wild animals!'' 

'''1: Defend yourself!'''

* Fight 2 [[Yote|Wild Yote]] (Default rewards)

''You leave before any other wild beasts arrive.''

<br />

== Vroc for sale ==
''[Pazlock] Hey. You want to buy a [[vroc]]? Real cheap. Just, ah... don't ask where it came from.''

''[Pazlock] Or if it's healthy.''

''[Pazlock] Or if it's trained.''

''[Pazlock] But it's yours if you have the shills.''

'''1: Ask about the [[vroc]]'''

* ''[Sal] So is it...''
* ''[Pazlock] I said don't ask about it!''
* ''[Pazlock] Just take it or leave it.''

'''2: Convince [[Pazlock]] to hand over the [[vroc]]'''

* ''[Sal] Something tells me the [[vroc]] is more trouble than you bargained for. Why not just hand it over?''
* Negotiation vs Pazlock (Opponent has +10 resolve: Doesn't want to give it up for free)
* '''Win the negotiation'''
**''[Sal] It must be giving you a lot of hassle. Is this really worth your time?''
** ''[Pazlock] No, it's a menace. Honestly, you'd be doing me a favour.''
** ''Pazlock kicks the covered cage to jostle the vroc, then wrestles it into a lead. When he returns, both Pazlock and the vroc are looking sour.''
** ''[Pazlock] Here you go. One mongrel.''
** ''The vroc looks at you quizzically, and then pees. Pazlock shuffles uncomfortably as the puddle spreads towards his boots.''
** ''[Pazlock] Well, uh. Enjoy, I guess.''
** ''You wonder if this was a good idea.''
** Gain an Untrained [[Vroc]]

'''3: Buy the Vroc'''

* Give 100 Shills
* Gain an Untrained [[Vroc]]

'''4: Decline the offer'''


== Admiralty planting contraband ==
''You're stopped along the road by an Admiralty patrol, swinging their batons with some showmanship.''

''[Admiralty Guard] You! Grifter! Get over here.''

''There's a pompous curl to his lip that suggests you're in for a heap of trouble. Best watch yourself.''

''[Admiralty Guard] You're under arrest for carrying contraband.''

''[Sal] Wha---? Contraband? What contraband?!''

''[Admiralty Guard] Oh, right.''

''The Admiralty fumbles around in his pockets for a second, produces a Vial of Slurry, and hands it to you.''

''[Admiralty Guard] There.''

''[Admiralty Guard] As I was saying, you're under arrest for carrying contraband.''

''[Admiralty Guard] The fine is 250 shills.''

''The admiralty looks at you with smug satisfaction.''

'''1: Pay the ridiculous 'fine''''

* Pay 250 shills

'''2: Negotiate a smaller 'fine''''

* Negotiate vs the admiralty guard.
* '''Win the negotiation'''
** Reduce the 'fine' to 50 shills

'''3: Refuse and defend yourself'''

* ''[Sal] I don't respect your authority!''

* Fight the admiralty guard and an untrained vroc (★★★☆☆ + ★☆☆☆☆ difficulty)
* '''Win the fight through surrender'''
**''[Sal] I'm keeping the Vial of slurry. And you're not getting a shill.''
**''[Admiralty Guard] F-fair enough, I guess. But hey! You can't blame me for trying.''
**''[Sal] I can. And I do.''
**''You shoulder your way past the admiralty guard, leaving him to tend to his wounds''


== Admiralty Toll Road ==
''The road ahead is blocked by a group of Admiralty officers.''

''[Admiralty guard] Hold it. This here's a toll road.''

''[Sal] It is? Since when?''

''[Admiralty guard] Since the ink-spitters up at headquarters said so.''

''[Admiralty guard] The toll is 50 shills.''

'''1: Pay the toll'''

'''2: Convince the admiralty guard to leave you alone'''

* ''[Sal] 50 shills? Do I look like I'm made of shills?''
*''[Admiralty guard] You wanna use the road, you gotta pay.''
*''[Admiralty guard] Doesn't matter what you look like. I'm not prejudiced.''
*''[Sal] And what if I don't want to use the road?''
* Negotiation vs the admiralty guard
*'''Win the negotiation'''
**''[Sal] What if I just stepped a little bit over there, off the path, and into the trees?''
**''[Admiralty guard] What, in the brush?''
**''[Admiralty guard] There's bugs and stuff in there.''
**''[Sal] Terrifying. Will I have to pay the toll then?''
**''[Admiralty guard] Huh. I suppose if I can't see you, then you never really crossed.''
**''[Admiralty guard] And it saves me some paperwork besides.''
**''The admiralty guard looks the other way while you slink into the trees. You travel through the brush for a spell before coming back onto the main road.''
**''You check yourself over, and find a cuttlebeetle trying to lay its egg sac inside the cuff of your sleeve.''
**''[Sal] Ugh.''
**''You wipe the slime out as best you can and keep going.''

'''3: Attack the admiralty guard.'''


== Rook's Assassin ==
''A grifter saunters toward you, a scheme burning brightly in his eyes.''

''[Rook] Greetings, friend. Your timing is excellent.'' 

''[Rook] I have a business offer for you, if your blades are for sale.''

''[Sal] They might be. What's the scam?''

''[Rook] No scam, just a simple protection job.''

''[Rook] You see, I'm being tailed by an assassin.''

''[Sal] You seem pretty relaxed for someone who's got a tail.''

''[Rook] It's not the first time.''

''[Rook] They're about to catch up with me. I'll give you 300 shills if you back me up.''

'''1: Ask about the target''' 

* ''[Sal] Who's after you?''
* ''[Rook] Would that I knew.''
* ''[Rook] Someone with more grudge than sense. Same as usual.''

'''2: Ask about Rook'''

* ''[Sal] I didn't know there were other grifters operating in Murder Bay.''
* ''[Sal] What's your deal here?''
* ''[Rook] I'm just passing through.''
* ''[Rook] It's business.''
* ''[Sal] What kind of business?''
* ''[Rook] Personal business.''

'''3: Agree to the deal'''

* ''[Sal] Sounds good to me.'' 
* Receive 300 shills.
* ''[Rook] Excellent. Here's your pay.''
* ''[Rook] Oh. Here they come. Hang back, and look intimidating, would you please?''
* ''Sure enough, a lone figure soon approaches''
* ''[Rook] Alright, 'friend'. That's close enough.''
* ''[Eonwe] You're going to pay for what you've done, Rook.''
* ''[Rook] I've heard that one before. Wasn't true then, isn't true now.''
* ''[Rook] And now, my associate and I are going to put you down.''
* ''[Eonwe] You really don't know who you're in business with, do you?''
* ''[Eonwe] You'll just as likely get a shot in the back than whatever he's promised you.''
* ''[Sal] And what's your offer?''
* ''[Eonwe] Stand aside, or I'll bury you both.''
* '''1: Attack Eonwe'''
**''[Sal] Not good enough''
** Boss fight vs Eonwe
** '''Win the fight through surrender'''
***''[Rook] You shouldn't have followed me again, Eonwe.''
*** ''[Eonwe] It won't be the last time. What you did was unforgivable.''
*** ''[Rook] Now that's just not true.''
*** ''[Rook] I've already forgiven myself.''
*** ''Rook executes Eonwe in cold blood''
*** ''[Sal] Whoa! What the hell?''
*** ''[Rook] You heard her. I'm not safe while she's still drawing breath.''
*** ''[Sal] What did you do to make her so angry?''
*** ''[Rook] I had a run-in with the Cult back in Pearl-on-Foam. It was just a job, but Eonwe is- er, was a zealot.''
*** ''[Rook] There's nothing worse on Hesh's blue orb than someone who takes their religion seriously.''
*** ''[Rook] Until next time.''
*** ''Rook saunters off, a wary eye betraying his collected gait.''
* '''2: Stand aside'''

'''4: Refuse'''


== Bandit Robbery ==
''A bandit emerges from the shadows like a worm slithering out of the tar.''

''[Spree Thug] Your shills or my shank. You make the call''

'''1: (If allied with the Spree) Threaten to talk to Nadan'''

'''2: Hand over ALL of your shills'''

'''3: Convince them to take only half of your shills'''

'''4: Convince the Spree Thug to leave you alone.'''

'''5: Defend yourself.'''

* Fight a Spree Thug and a Spree Thief (★★☆☆☆ + ★★☆☆☆ difficulty) with Advantage - You have first strike and a bonus action on the first turn
* '''Win the fight through surrender'''
** ''You leave before the trouble multiplies.''