'''Rejecting the indifference of Hesh''' is the unofficial name for this Event.


== Script ==
''(You are approached by a member of the cult, the fire of conviction burning brightly in his eyes.)''

Zealot: You! You have rejected the indifference of the mighty Hesh!

Zealot: You must pay for your impudence!


'''*Drop the name of a friendly Cult member*'''

(Not added yet)


'''*Defend yourself*'''

(Not added yet)


'''*Pay a tithe*'''

(Not added yet)


'''*Convince _____ You are faithful to Hesh*'''

Sal: Rejected Hesh? Me?!

Sal: I am shocked! ''Shocked'' that you would make such a claim!

'''''<small>(Start Negotiation)</small>'''''


'''<small>Win Negotiation:</small>'''

Zealot: I have misjudged you, sister.

Zealot: May Hesh's wrath fall upon your enemies before it falls upon you.


'''<small>Lose Negotiation:</small>'''

(Not yet Added)


== Results ==
A Zealot is accusing you of being a non-Believer. The outcomes are as follows:


'''Drop the name of a friendly Cult member:'''

- This option is only available if a member of the Cult [[Relationships|Likes]] or [[Relationships|Loves]] you.

-This will end the [[Events|Event]] 


'''Defend Yourself:'''

-Sal will Initiate a fight with the Cult members.

-The Fight will always have at least 1 Zealot Class and at most 2 Luminari (Never less then 1)


'''Pay a tithe:'''

-Give 25 shills 

-This will end the [[Events|Event]] 


'''Convince _____ You are faithful to Hesh:'''

-Sal will initiate a negotiation with the Zealot