
This article contains heavy spoilers for the [[Rook]] campaign. Consider playing the campaign at least once before reading it.

== Day 1 [[Stepping in it]] and [[Infiltrate the Barons]] or [[Infiltrate the Rise]]==
=== Morning [[Stepping in it]] ===
* Either pay or negotiate with the guard.
* Hand over your Papers and declare to the guard which faction you want to work for.
* Choose a [[Stepping_in_it#Declaring_an_item|starting bonus]].
* Choose [[Fellemo]] and the [[Spark Barons]] or [[Kalandra]] and the [[Rise]], if you declared the other faction at the guard, negotiate.
* Complete 1 [[Stepping_in_it#Faction_Quests|Faction Quest]] for the person and faction you chose.
* Unlock The Last Stand.
* Complete 1 [[Stepping_in_it#Faction_Quests|Faction Quest]] for the person and faction you chose.
* Get 1 Limited Time Opportunity.
* Meet [[Pengemunt]] at [[The Last Stand]], it doesn't matter whether you compliment him or tell him to mind his own business, he gives you an opportunity to exchange your [[Rook#Lucky_Coins|starting coin for a better one]].
* Wait for the evening and for the faction leader you chose.
=== Evening [[Infiltrate the Barons]] or [[Infiltrate the Rise]] ===
* Meet your chosen faction leader. They tell you to work 1 job for the other side.
* Get 1 Limited Time Opportunity.
* Complete 1 [[Stepping in it|Faction Quest]] for the other faction. This is part of "Infiltrate the Rise" or "Infiltrate the Barons" quest lines.
* Get 1 Limited Time Opportunity and unlock The Black Market.
* Complete 1 Boss Fight. Either: [[Fralx]], [[Threekwa]] or [[Gorgula]].

== Day 2 [[Working Both Sides]] ==
=== Morning ===
* Complete 1 Job Quest for either [[Fellemo]] or [[Kalandra]]
* Complete 1 Job Quest for the other faction.

=== Evening ===
* Get 1 Limited Time Opportunity.
* Complete 1 Job Quest from the Drop Point.
* Complete 1 Boss Fight. Either: [[Flead Queen]] or [[Bossbit]]

== Day 3 [[Bogged Down]] ==
=== Morning ===
* Complete 1 Job Quest for either [[Fellemo]] or [[Kalandra]]
* Get 1 Limited Time Opportunity.
* Complete 1 Job Quest for the other faction.
* Get 1 Limited Time Opportunity.

=== Evening ===
* Complete [[The Bogger Raid]].
* Complete 1 Boss Fight. Either: [[Flekfis]] or [[Arint]]. 

== Day 4 [[The Expedition]] ==
The Expedition consists of:
* Small encounter with the other faction.
* Fight with wild beasts.
* Small rest: Choose: Heal 15 HP, Restore 25 Resolve, Upgrade Battle card, Upgrade Negotiation card or get 4 Item cards.
** The Item cards are: [[Spark Grenade]], [[Portable Bunker]], [[Aerostat Coilgun]] and [[Bog Scimitar]].
* Encounter with Boggers
* Fight Fellemo, fight Kalandra or leave them.
* The Boss Fights: [[Glofriam]] and [[Grout Monster]].

[[Category:Quests]]