This article contains heavy spoilers for the [[Smith]] campaign. Consider playing the campaign at least once before reading it.

== Day 1 [[Sweet Relief]], [[Meet Tei]] and [[The Bar Hits Back]]==
=== Morning [[Sweet Relief]] ===
* Draft a Negotiation card or a Battle card
* To get the [[Sweet_Relief|starting bonus]]: Negotiate or Battle the guard.
* Complete 1 [[Faction Quest]] for Sweet Moreef.

=== Evening [[Meet Tei]] and [[The Bar Hits Back]]===
* Get 1 Limited Time Opportunity.
* Unlock the Party Store
* Complete 1 [[Meet Tei|Faction Quest]] for Tei Utaro.
* Complete 1 [[The Bar Hits Back|Boss Fight]]. Either: [[Brut]] or [[Weezil]]

== Day 2 [[Pick a Suitor]], [[Tei's request]] and [[The Marriage Contract]]==
=== Morning [[Pick a Suitor]]===
* Pick either [[Andwanette]] or [[Denikus]] as a suitor.
* Complete 1 [[Pick a Suitor|Faction Quest]] for the suitor.

=== Evening [[Tei's request]] and [[The Marriage Contract]]===
* Get 1 Limited Time Opportunity.
* Complete 1 [[Tei's request|Faction Quest]] for Tei Utaro. Either: [[Dog and Pony Show]] or [[The Ctenophorian Heresy]]
* Complete 1 [[The Marriage Contract|Boss Fight]]. Either: [[Mark Nine Nine]] or [[Felek]] and [[Tazz]]
* Choose to kill [[Theroux]] or not.

== Day 3 [[Pick a Side]], [[The Ambush]] and [[Cult Machinations]] ==
=== Morning [[Pick a Side]] ===
* Pick either [[Eden]] or [[Seemli]] as target.
* Complete 1 [[Pick a Side|Faction Quest]] for the target.

=== Evening [[The Ambush]] and [[Cult Machinations]] ===
* Lure the target to the ambush with a negotiation.
* Choose to side with [[Mullifee]] or not.
* Fight [[Mullifee]], [[Eden]] or [[Seemli]] depending on your choices.
* Negotiate or fight your way into the ritual.
* Choose to push [[Pallitriax]] or fight Tei Utaro with Pallitriax.
* Complete 1 Boss Fight: Either: [[Lumbering Brute Droad]] or [[Devouring Horror Shredmaw]].

== Day 4 [[Sampling Error]] and [[The Big Beach Party at the End of the World]] ==
=== Morning [[Sampling Error]] ===
* Get a sample of the behemoth for [[Leesha]].
* Receive mind boggling revelations from a [[Boggers]] Cultivator.

=== Evening [[The Big Beach Party at the End of the World]] ===
* Get 1 Limited Time Opportunity.
* In the bar is everyone who is alive and does not Hate you. (It's possible to get an empty bar.)
* Pick someone to steal an ID for you and someone to compromise the catering. 
* Get into the party.
* Deal with [[Palamborat]].
* Negotiate or fight [[Vixmalli]].
* Complete 1 Boss Fight: [[Vix of Hesh]]

[[Category:Quests]]