Travelling Salesgrifter is a side [[Quests|quest]] in [[Sal|Sal's]] campaign with a focus on [[Battle]] and [[Negotiation]].

== Description ==
A [[Jakes|Jake]] needs some help making deliveries.

Difficulty: ★☆☆☆☆

== Walkthrough ==
After accepting the quest, both the [[Jakes|Jake]] and his [[Oshnu|Pack Oshnu]] will join your party. Next you will need to go to the Clearing that will appear on your map. There he will start talking with a [[Spree]] member and fail. You can either help help the Jake and start a negotiation or you can wait and observe without intervening. Successfully convincing the [[Spree]] member to proceed with the deal will make your employer [[Jakes|Jake]] [[Relationships|like]] you. Failing the negotiation will make the [[Jakes|Jake]] [[Relationships|dislike]] you.


Then, the next delivery that will be on a Desolate Beach. But it's an ambush: allegedly your employer stole this [[oshnu]]. You can either defend the [[oshnu]] in a battle or scare away the enemy Jakes by intimidating them.


After the battle/negotiation, your employer [[Jakes|Jake]] will offer you a last delivery. You can reject it and complete the quest, or accept it and receive additional 50 shills.


If you accept the offer, you will go to the next location, where you'll encounter [[Bilebroker|Leesha]] that will warn you about [[Admiralty]]. Unfortunately, a member of the [[Admiralty]] will appear, asking you what you're doing here. You can either:

* Convince them to look the other way (negotiation)
* Pay a 60 shill bribe
* Attack them

If you chose one of those actions and were successful, the quest will be completed.<br />

== Rewards ==

* Starting Bonus
* 55 shills
*Upgrade Card - Upgrade a negotiation or battle card  <br />

==    Trivia ==

* If Leesha is Dead they will be replaced with either Treena or Ximmon <br />

* If the Pack Oshnu also referred to as Luthie ever dies in battle the Jake who Employed you will hold a small funeral and you will have failed the quest.<br />
[[Category:Quests]]