You find a Jake sitting by the side of the road. He is visibly injured. He gets up, painfully, as you approach.

# Grifter, I have an offer for you!

Sal: I'm listening...

I've got a package deal. Three units of the finest improvised weaponry this side of Grout Bog.

They really pack a punch! I can tell you that from experience

=== Options: ===

==== Offer to buy ''some'' of the weapons ====
Sal: I don't need that many. How much for just one?

(Jake): Sorry, I gotten move all of these. You have to take them as a package.

==== Ask about (Jake)'s injuries ====
Sal: Are you alright? You don't look alright.

(Jake): I'm fine. I just... let's say these items were hard to come by.

==== Ask for a better price ====
Sal: You're going to have to do better on the price...

(Jake): Nope, can't do that. I almost died getting these items.

(Jake):  They're already priced to move.

==== Buy RPG x3 ====
This will cost 90 shills

==== Take them forcefully ====
You will have to fight an injured Jake lifter

==== Decline the offer ====
<br />

=== If you take the items, you will encounter a Rise Rebel ===

=== Options: ===

==== Ask what the Rise is doing in Murder Bay ====
Sal: You're a little far from home, aren't you?

(Jake): These weapons were stolen by (Jake), and we followed his trail here.

(Jake): We're headed back to the bog as soon as we've recovered our property.

==== Ask about the Jake ====

==== Intimidate the Rise Rebel ====
You will have to negotiate against the Rebel. If you didn't fight the Jake lifter, he will help you. Defeating the Rise Rebel will make the Jake lifter love you.

==== Defend yourself! ====
You will have to battle against the Rebel. If you didn't fight the Jake lifter, he will help you. Defeating the Rise Rebel will make the Jake lifter love you.

==== Hand over the loot ====
The rise rebel will like you